expo sample (#107)
square/mobile-payments-sdk-react-native: example-expo/README.md

# 🍩 Donut Counter (Expo) — Square Mobile Payments SDK Sample App

This is the **Expo** version of the Donut Counter sample app, demonstrating how to integrate the [Square Mobile Payments SDK](https://developer.squareup.com/docs/mobile-payments-sdk) in an Expo-managed React Native project using a Config Plugin.

## SDK Quick Reference

| Reference | File |
| --- | --- |
| ⚡️ Init SDK (Android) | Automated via `app.plugin.js` → `MainApplication.kt` |
| ⚡️ Init SDK (iOS) | Automated via `app.plugin.js` → `AppDelegate` |
| 🔒 Authorizing the SDK | [src/app/permissions.tsx](./src/app/permissions.tsx) |
| 💰 Taking a Payment | [src/app/index.tsx](./src/app/index.tsx) |
| ⚙️ Presenting Settings Screen | [src/app/index.tsx](./src/app/index.tsx) |

> | 💳 Presenting MockReaderUI | [src/app/index.tsx](./src/app/index.tsx) |

Reviewer: 🤖 [AI Artem]: **Blocking** — these links point to `src/app/permissions.tsx` / `src/app/index.tsx`, which don't exist in this example (looks like leftovers from an expo-router layout). The actual files live under `src/Screens/`.

```suggestion
| 🔒 Authorizing the SDK | [src/Screens/PermissionsScreen.tsx](./src/Screens/PermissionsScreen.tsx) |
| 💰 Taking a Payment | [src/Screens/HomeScreen.tsx](./src/Screens/HomeScreen.tsx) |
| ⚙️ Presenting Settings Screen | [src/Screens/HomeScreen.tsx](./src/Screens/HomeScreen.tsx) |
| 💳 Presenting MockReaderUI | [src/Screens/HomeScreen.tsx](./src/Screens/HomeScreen.tsx) |
```

Author: Done

## Get Started

### 1. Requirements

- A Square account enabled for payment processing
- React Native development environment set up
- Android: **minSdkVersion 28** (Android 9+)

### 2. Get application credentials

In your [Square Developer Dashboard](https://developer.squareup.com/apps), create or open an application and note:

- **Application ID**
- **Access Token** (sandbox or production)
- **Location ID**

### 3. Configure credentials

Open [`app.json`](./app.json) and update the plugin configuration:

```json
[

>   "../app.plugin.js",

Reviewer: 🤖 [AI Artem]: **Blocking** — this snippet doesn't match `app.json`, which registers the plugin as `"./app.plugin.js"`. Anyone copy-pasting the README snippet gets a broken prebuild (the plugin path would resolve outside the project root).

```suggestion
  "./app.plugin.js",
```

Author: Done
